[Modal] Fix activator not gaining focus when modal is closed (#11266)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/empty-poets-wait.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Fix modal activator not regaining focus when the modal is closed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `Modal` `activator` not regaining focus on close
- Added an `activatorWrapper` prop to `Modal` to support setting the element that wraps the `activator`
```
